Support for NumPy 2.2 (#9919)
numba/numba: docs/upcoming_changes/9919.highlight.rst

Support for NumPy 2.2
---------------------

Numba now supports NumPy 2.2. following are some notable changes:

- ``np.empty(0)`` cannot be treated as a boolean value anymore. This is a
  breaking change for code that relies on this behavior. The following code
  will raise a ``ValueError``:

  .. code-block:: python

      import numpy as np
      if np.empty(0):

>           print("This will not be printed")

Author: Yep it does render correctly

Support for NumPy 2.2
---------------------

Numba now supports NumPy 2.2. following are some notable changes:

- ``np.empty(0)`` cannot be treated as a boolean value anymore. This is a
  breaking change for code that relies on this behavior. The following code
  will raise a ``ValueError``:

  .. code-block:: python

      import numpy as np
      if np.empty(0):
          print("This will not be printed")

- Generic timedeltas can no longer be hashed due to undefined time units.

> - ``np.timedelta`` and ``np.datetime`` hashes do not match NumPy hashes.
> Previous to NumPy 2.2 ``np.timedelta`` hashes were equivalent to the 
> integer value of the timedelta. NumPy 2.2 onwards, they are equivalent 
> to the CPython hash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- From NumPy 2.2 onwards, hash values for ``numpy.timedelta64`` and
  ``numpy.datetime64`` instances computed in Numba compiled code do not match
  the NumPy hash values of the same. Prior to NumPy 2.2, NumPy hash values for
  ``numpy.timedelta64`` and ``numpy.datetime64`` instances were equivalent to
  their integer value representation. From NumPy 2.2 onwards, their hash value
  is the same as the hash of the equivalent type from the built-in ``datetime``
  module, Numba does not replicate this behaviour.
```
